she is
hello to us
kombat multicomponent protein from
farm oil companies
what can be said about this product
this product according to expert
recognized by the standard of taste although this is the case
subjective and as I always say everything
all proteins need to be tried
like or dislike it especially
your personal opinion though in my opinion
Enough Tasty Protein What ?
includes yourself
this protein which components in fact
business
the manufacturer cheated a little and in our
the notion of me components extended we
always imagine that yes it
whey casein isolate portion and
some other kind of protein
which according to the degree of digestibility
distinguish in time
In this case, the oil made the following
she added
whey protein isolate hydra
lyse market protein micellar
casein and whey protein itself
and added a little egg like that
the way that we have packaging
according to one kilo 800
gram one portion of this protein
that's 32 grams thirty three and six
grams I apologize for the translation
servings corresponds to 554 sugar here
very little per serving only 2 grams
carbohydrate 4 grams that is according to its
quality characteristics
high level protein data
there is no excess sugar that olya
proteins
very important
And now rating master jim from given
drug
qualities on a ten-point scale 9
points taste 9 points out of 10 price 7 points
out of 10